Authentication Methods Policies API doc updates (#9924)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodtarget.md

---
title: "passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodTarget resource type"

> description: "A collection of users or groups enabled to use Passwordless Phone Sign in with Microsoft Authenticator as part of the Authentication Method Policy."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A collection of users or groups enabled to use Passwordless Phone Sign-in with Microsoft Authenticator authentication methods policy."
```

author: "mmcla"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodTarget resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A collection of users or groups enabled to use Passwordless Phone Sign in with Microsoft Authenticator as part of the [Authentication Method Policy](../resources/passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration.md) in Azure AD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A collection of users or groups enabled to use Passwordless Phone Sign-in with Microsoft Authenticator authentication methods policy](../resources/passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration.md) in Azure AD.
```
